docs: provide instructions on getting enterprise file from new license Teleport Account (#25677)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/compliance-frameworks/fedramp.mdx

| [IA-03 Device Identification and Authentication]((=fedramp.control_url=)IA-3) | Teleport requires valid x509 or SSH certificates issued by a Teleport Certificate Authority (CA) to establish a network connection for device-to-device network connection between Teleport components. |
| [SC-12 Cryptographic Key Establish and Management]((=fedramp.control_url=)SC-12) | Teleport initializes cryptographic keys that act as a Certificate Authority (CA) to further issue x509 and SSH certificates. SSH and x509 user certificates that are issued are signed by the CA and are (by default) short-lived. SSH host certificates are also signed by the CA and rotated automatically (a manual force rotation can also be performed).<br/>Teleport Enterprise builds against a FIPS 140-2 compliant library (BoringCrypto) is available. <br/>In addition, when Teleport Enterprise is in FedRAMP/FIPS 140-2 mode, Teleport will only start and use FIPS 140-2 compliant cryptography. |

## Setup

> Visit your [Teleport Account](https://teleport.sh) to download a FIPS binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in to your [Teleport Account](https://teleport.sh) to download a FIPS binary
```

| [IA-03 Device Identification and Authentication]((=fedramp.control_url=)IA-3) | Teleport requires valid x509 or SSH certificates issued by a Teleport Certificate Authority (CA) to establish a network connection for device-to-device network connection between Teleport components. |
| [SC-12 Cryptographic Key Establish and Management]((=fedramp.control_url=)SC-12) | Teleport initializes cryptographic keys that act as a Certificate Authority (CA) to further issue x509 and SSH certificates. SSH and x509 user certificates that are issued are signed by the CA and are (by default) short-lived. SSH host certificates are also signed by the CA and rotated automatically (a manual force rotation can also be performed).<br/>Teleport Enterprise builds against a FIPS 140-2 compliant library (BoringCrypto) is available. <br/>In addition, when Teleport Enterprise is in FedRAMP/FIPS 140-2 mode, Teleport will only start and use FIPS 140-2 compliant cryptography. |

## Setup

> Visit your [Teleport Account](https://teleport.sh) or the legacy [Teleport Customer

Reviewer 2: We will deprecate `dashboard.gravitational.com` soon. There is no need to keep any references. Any customer who needs new license, can get it from `teleport.sh` instead.

Author: done

Author: Please take a look when you can @klizhentas
